README.md, before:

# CSK_Module_[ModuleName]

Module / Application to provide [...] functionality.

*If available, please also add a screenshot/gif of the UI of the module here placed within /docu/media/ (see code)*
![](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/[REPO_OF_MODULE]/blob/main/docu/media/UI_Screenshot.png)

## How to Run

[***...please fill with informations...***]  
For further information check out the [documentation](https://raw.githack.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/[REPO_OF_MODULE]/main/docu/CSK_Module_[MODULENAME].html) [update link] in the folder "docu".

## Information

Tested on:
[Device] - [firmware]
...

[***optionally***]
Following CSK modules are used for this application via Git subtrees and should NOT be further developed within this repository (see [contribution guideline](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/.github/blob/main/Contribution_Guideline.md) of this GitHub organization):  

  * CSK_Module_XYZ (release/tag v1.2.3)

This application / module is part of the SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit developing approach.  
It is programmed in an object oriented way. Some of the modules use kind of "classes" in Lua to make it possible to reuse code / classes in other projects.  
In general it is not neccessary to code this way, but the architecture of this app can serve as a sample to be used especially for bigger projects and to make it easier to share code.  
Please check the [documentation](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/.github/blob/main/docu/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit_Documentation.md) of CSK for further information.  

## Topics

Coding Starter Kit, CSK, Module, SICK-AppSpace, [key_words]

Commit message:

# Version 3.8.0
## Repository moved to GitHub organization

README.md, after:

# CSK_Module_DigitalIOManager

Module to setup digital IO connectors of the device.  

![](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/CSK_Module_DigitalIOManager/blob/main/docu/media/UI_Screenshot.png)

## How to Run

The app includes an GUI to setup and optionally link ports via internal cFlow available IO interfaces.  
It is also possible to setup events to listen to (e.g. listen on event and trigger output if notified) and other apps can register to internal events to receive OnChange events.  
For further information regarding the internal used functions / events check out the [documentation](https://raw.githack.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/CSK_Module_DigitalIOManager/main/docu/CSK_Module_DigitalIOManager.html) in the folder "docu".

## Information

Tested on  

1. SIM1012        - Firmware 2.2.0
2. SICK AppEngine - Firmware 1.3.2

This module is part of the SICK AppSpace Coding Starter Kit developing approach.  
It is programmed in an object oriented way. Some of these modules use kind of "classes" in Lua to make it possible to reuse code / classes in other projects.  
In general it is not neccessary to code this way, but the architecture of this app can serve as a sample to be used especially for bigger projects and to make it easier to share code.  
Please check the [documentation](https://github.com/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit/.github/blob/main/docu/SICKAppSpaceCodingStarterKit_Documentation.md) of CSK for further information.  

## Topics

Coding Starter Kit, Digital, IO, SIM, Connector, Module, SICK-AppSpace, Flow
